doc: update minimum and recommended requirements (#12819)
canonical/lxd: doc/requirements.md

(requirements-go)=
## Go

LXD requires Go 1.21 or higher and is only tested with the Golang compiler.

We recommend having at least 2GiB of RAM to allow the build to complete.

## Kernel requirements

> The minimum supported kernel version is 5.15 but older kernel may work to some degree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum supported kernel version is 5.15, but older kernels should also work to some degree.
```
("may" is used for permission.)

* Native Linux AIO
  ([`io_setup(2)`](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man2/io_setup.2.html), etc.)

The following optional features also require extra kernel options or newer versions:

* Namespaces (`user` and `cgroup`)
* AppArmor (including Ubuntu patch for mount mediation)
* Control Groups (`blkio`, `cpuset`, `devices`, `memory`, `pids` and `net_prio`)
* CRIU (exact details to be found with CRIU upstream)

> * SKBPRIO/QFQ qdiscs (for `limits.priority`, min kernel 5.17)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SKBPRIO/QFQ qdiscs (for `limits.priority`, minimum kernel 5.17)
```

Reviewer: ```
QFQ
SKBPRIO
qdiscs
```
all need to go into .wordlist.txt.
